Add Fritz missing info for device profiles and port forwards (#18431)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/fritz.markdown

## Additional info

### Device Profile

Device profiles are designed for advanced users, thus they are disabled by default. You need to enable the wanted entities manually.

### Device Tracker

**Note 1**: All devices to be tracked, even the new detected, are disabled by default. You need to enable the wanted entities manually.

**Note 2**: If you don't want to automatically track newly detected devices, disable the integration system option `Enable new added entities`.

### Port Forward

> Due to security reasons, AVM implemented the ability to enable/disable a port forward rule only from the host involved in the rule.
> As a result this integration will create entities only for rules that have your HA host as destination.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Due to security reasons, AVM implemented the ability to enable/disable a port forward rule only from the host involved in the rule.
As a result, this integration will create entities only for rules that have your Home Assistant host as a destination.
```
